Good afternoon Good afternoon I’m from Ukraine, the city of
Khmelnitsky And you
I’m from Russia, the city of
Belgorod
Belgorod itself or from the region
as a settlement called
Khokhlova, there’s no such thing there.
In what area
? Well, it’s near Valuyki, so I see you there some kind of pixel
I just want to understand the military
why did the Azovites give back to Ukraine yesterday
if they started it all for the sake of
Nazisking
captured the Azovites whom he considers
Nazis And now they took them away,
I don’t understand, and for what are you in short, I’m leaving you
somewhere to fight
Yes, I was ordered, I do what I did a
hopeless situation as hopeless
the situation can be shot, for example,
this is how they forced you. You said that a
contract
soldier
is
turning out to you.
I can’t tell you how old I am 22 22 and that
es  you can’t even
analyze at the age of 22 then what the whole
special operation is for if a Nazi is extradited back to
Ukraine
I knew that they gave them away so you’re telling
me now that’s when I found out
Look yesterday the news like they gave
all these Azov residents of Mariupol to give  back to
Ukraine
well done
How is it that
you will die in Ukraine so the one who
killed you will be given back to Ukraine
then how long will we have the border
Well, yes, that is, you are a mercenary, in fact, for
mobilization
simply I earn money I go
home so that there is something at home and everyone is at home
And they even told them.
And what do you do there air defense
? Well, you can say yes,
you can say so,
and how do you manage
at night, ours in Belgorod turns out to
shoot,
sometimes
it arrives  what a [ __ ] strong
and you are at school How did you study well
normal How many grades were there
4 3 4
studied quite normally no one
complained in Russia you have the highest
mark 5 or 12
a How many classes did you finish
plus and plus equipment
why didn’t you go to work,
went to serve on a shirt
and went Then
he served and was sent here, but how many
Russian soldiers actually died in Ukraine
that you are in the KHL there is no something like 58 thousand or something
like that ours say Dasha more than 50 thousand
yours say that 6000 but for some reason  300
thousand new ones are mobilizing.
It’s all the same, it’s true that news won’t appear. You
watch your Russian ones,
here you have
your channel
and the same thing
and in short, this is all
hemagogy [ __ ] up as a result, look your say
that they break through ours, we break through,
but as a result, the Kharkov region
remained under  us, yes, the
Kharkov region or the regime was given to you, they gave it to you.
So you didn’t forget, but you simply occupied the
territory on the one on which we stood,
who fled  Ali left the equipment
Well, look, it turns out that
you are watching such a Ukrainian
journalist as Zolkin as Russian prisoners
is talking to
Zolka write to him He is
talking to Russian prisoners suddenly
you are captured so that you understand what it’s
like to contact your mother then
Okay
Tell me, well, the truth is not true here
someone says that when our
client gets killed, you know
who says it spreads your
Propaganda so that you don’t
give up that you were afraid to surrender,
then why should we kill if you look
if it’s profitable for us to exchange you for those of
ours that you have  captivity So okay But
the truth is that what I heard yesterday was
told
in the news that your Tanks so that there
are
soldiers
down there still have an evacuation hatch there are
tanks or not, they
should
not have guessed they
tied the machine gunner with chains and
left
What do you think if you  brewed in a
tank, you would most likely fight effectively
50 to 50 to yourself  Yes, it’s not funny since this
back in
2014, the storyteller tells
what do you think How long will it
continue And until what moment what
should happen for this to
end
?
to questions for the sake of what you are there I don’t know I don’t
know I didn’t contract Yes I worked Here they
sent meat if it was 12 fication
Why they gave it then I don’t know I
don’t know Russia is a country There
are
some older men like that
some even older such funny
dynamics  But he doesn’t even
think if there’s such a war here, why
didn’t they exchange the Azov people for our guys
who fought there who were in captivity of
Putin’s Medvedchuk, so Russian, good luck with your
mobilization, I understand that you are all
so happy now to go on
these agendas or there are voluntarily direct
crowds  crowds are running now, military registration and enlistment offices Yes, I
look because they saw that yesterday the
Nazis were exchanged back to Ukraine  Well, it means that
you can once again forcefully throw Russians
into denocification in Ukraine, and you are all right
in the forefront, you can again
encircle the Mariupol people, and so on,
I wish you all good luck, then we already have the Prituli Foundation
announced a collection of 300 thousand packages for a meeting
so Therefore, in comfortable
conditions  all the occupiers will be able to return
to their homeland if the homeland does not leave you here,
but because for some
occupiers there is still an
opportunity to fertilize the Ukrainian land,
Ukrainian black people
are more lucky and they
return less to their historical
hysterical historical homeland Glory to
Ukraine Petra, we are this channel with our
commentary posts  like we are inverted
chipsit Pis they are because it happens that
YouTube Forgetting a subscription Yes and a subscriber
for a kilogram in the area under the video and that
you respect and want Petra's motorcycle can
because of Donat this
cup of tea to us in experience we and Dali my
attributes our informative front is not
just
informative Counter offensive behind the combined
forces of Ukraine and often  naya
informative
hvaka
to give bowls to all Russians with the armor of the forces of
Ukraine to crush them at the front And we got
their
bowls still demoralization we are bent in
Russia
and Russia Maya grew manish on an
independent national power Glory to
Ukraine